add template for creating scaffolder action (#35)
RoadieHQ/software-templates: scaffolder-templates/roadie-agent-scaffolder-action/skeleton/README.md

# Roadie Agent Scaffolder Action

See Roadie Agent documentation in https://github.com/RoadieHQ/roadie-agent.

## Usage

Configure your Roadie instance to allow traffic from the IP address this Agent service is running. 

> Enable and register a Roadie Agent `scaffolder-action` connection type in Roadie. The token used by this agent service should be configured as environment variable `BROKER_TOKEN`, the name of the Agent provider is `${{ values.agent_name }}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable and register a Roadie Agent `scaffolder-action` connection type in Roadie. The token used by this agent service should be configured as environment variable `BROKER_TOKEN`, the name of the Agent action is `${{ values.agent_name }}`.
```

> Modify the example scaffolder action handler in `src/myScaffolderActionHandler.js` to provide entities to your liking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the example scaffolder action handler in `src/myScaffolderActionHandler.js` to run the custom scaffolder code.
```
